### Arwi ###
ArabuTamil (Arwi) Script

Arwi (also called as Arabu-Tamil or Arabic-Tamil) Script was widely used by Muslims of Tamil Nadu (in India), Malaysia, Thailand and Sri Lanka to write many religious literary and poetry texts and for communication. Arwi Script is writing Tamil language (Left-to-right script) using Arabic style of scripts (Right-to-left script). Arwi is written using Arabic script with additions of certain characters and diacritics. As per the knowledge of the author, no font or editor to type Arwi exists. In order to uplift Arwi language into the Information era, the author has studied and developed Arwi scripting tools using Unicode Characters. A JavaScript-based HTML form and an Arwi font have been developed. Using the HTML form, users who know Tamil typing, can type in Tamil Script. Others can use the provided keypad to type in Tamil and Arwi Scripts and save them in HTML or any other format. Additionally, a keyboard layout has been provided which can be added to the language bar of Windows or Linux Operating System and users can type using any editor software. This keyboard layout can be used with the existing Unicode characters on the Operating System or after installing the newly generate Arwi font. Various issues or concerns with regard to rendering of Arwi Unicode characters in different browsers, different operating systems and different editors have been discussed. Arwi font needs to be incorporated into Unicode while catering for all the rendering issues raised.
